for a long time this Center will be home
to this children by no means is this a
boarding school for an educational
institution this is a rehabilitation
center West treat children are
Marjorie's and destitutes are kept
officials of the Abuja Environmental
Protection Board pick up street children
and our marjorie's who roam the streets
begging for arms and Hawking Goods we
are brought to this centre inquiry the
satellite town in the Federal Capital
Territory the Social Welfare Board then
tries to rehabilitate this children when
under the the juvenile deliquency so we
treat them and then bring them here try
to identify their parents a social
worker is obtaining information from
this new batch of street children and
destitutes this Center not only tries to
rehabilitate street children but beggars
the physically handicapped and a
mentally ill it has classrooms where the
street children are given some form of
Education at least during your stay at
the centre if the parents don't come we
made sure that they also engaged in in
ordered mental education those that
primary school age we also make
arrangement and they make sure that they
attend the closets in a primary school
Aaron this children who were recently
brought to the center says they came
from Jos the Plateau State Capitol it's
all channels television but they were
brought to Abuja sweets children and our
Marjorie's are common in many states in
northern Nigeria many children who ought
to be in schools were at home are left
to roam the streets exposed to all sorts
of dangers
imagine in northern Nigeria is linked
with religious education where children
are sent to live with Islamic scholars
for Quranic education but some my
gerrans say many religious scholars have
abused this system of education the very
fact that a child must go out and seek
for knowledge does not is not a reason
for him to construct himself into a
nuisance and moving about in the streets
and becoming an agent of crisis and
burden whenever it starts some
non-governmental organizations have
blamed government's and parents for the
neglect of minors in a society leaving
them at the mercy of some faith-based
organisations the government ought to
provide free and compulsory primary
education for kids that off of school
age this is not being done initiatives
such as the setting up of a
rehabilitation center in the FCC for the
street children is one of the ways which
government is trying to tackle the
problem of children begging for arms on
the streets but civil society
organizations want government at all
levels to do more to curb this problem
by ensuring that individuals who send
children to beg for arms and the streets
are punished some have also advocated
the building of Islamic schools closer
to the homes of the children so that
parents can monitor the activities of
their children Linda a TV channels
television news